1. Create a function and then call another function from within it. What is this process called?

	This process is called function chaining or nested function calls. In SQL, functions can call other functions, allowing for modular and reusable code structures.

2. How to inspect the query's execution plan?

	EXPLAIN SELECT * FROM your_table WHERE condition;

3. What is the purpose of the MAXDOP and recompiling keywords in SQL queries?

	MAXDOP (Maximum Degree of Parallelism): This setting controls the number of processors that are used for the execution of a single query in SQL Server. It helps optimize query performance by limiting or expanding parallel execution.

	Recompiling: In SQL Server, the RECOMPILE query hint forces the query optimizer to recompile a query plan each time it's executed, which can be useful when the data distribution or conditions change frequently.

4. How to build DDL statements from an existing database table, and write steps for it?

	To generate DDL (Data Definition Language) statements for an existing database table in MySQL:

	Step 1: Connect to your MySQL database.

	Step 2: Use the SHOW CREATE TABLE command followed by your table name. This command shows the SQL statement that creates the specified table, including indexes.

		SHOW CREATE TABLE your_table_name;

	Step 3: Copy the output of the SHOW CREATE TABLE command, which contains the DDL statements to create the table.

5. How to update data in a table using an inner join, write an example?

	UPDATE table1
	INNER JOIN table2 ON table1.common_column = table2.common_column
	SET table1.column_to_update = new_value
	WHERE condition;

6. Differentiate between truncate, delete, and drop with a suitable example.

	Truncate: Removes all rows from a table quickly, without logging individual row deletions. It is faster than DELETE but cannot be rolled back and does not trigger ON DELETE triggers.

	TRUNCATE TABLE your_table;

	Delete: Removes specific rows from a table based on a condition. It is slower than TRUNCATE but allows for specifying conditions and triggers ON DELETE triggers.

	DELETE FROM your_table WHERE condition;

	Drop: Deletes an entire table structure along with its data, indexes, triggers, and permissions. It is not reversible.

	DROP TABLE your_table;


